# AED_PROJECT_SSS
SAKSHI PEKALE,SAKSHI SASALATE AND SAYALI HULLE
###

INFO5100 AED Project
Project Name: Helping Hands Club


Group Members: 
                                Sakshi Pekale
                                NUD ID: 002743873

                                Sakshi Sasalate
                                NU ID: 002742867
                                
                                Sayali Hulle
                                NU ID: 002754075

Description:  
Helping Hands is an NGO (Non-Profit Organization) which provides any kind of medical assistance to people who need their help.

Using this application, the help seeker is able to Create their profile, view and update their information and they can enter into the application, whatever service they require this Helping Hands Club to provide for them. They can then also enter their vital signs which can be later seen by the doctor who can review request and then prescribe them with the required medications. That in turn can be seen by the patient as well. The doctor can too create, update and view their profile on the application.
As this is an NGO, volunteers can themselves register with the Helping Hands to offer help and join this organization. Their login credentials are autogenerated. The volunteers can also view and update their profile. On the work area, they can see the requests that help seeks have put. The volunteers are able to pick up the requests that they think can be fulfilled by them. They can also view the feedbacks that the help seeker gave them post completion of the task.






The enterprise admin can log into the application using their credentials. All enterprise admins can create employee/person into their own enterprise and can also create their user IDs and passwords. 
Enterprises: 1. Travel Agent
                       2. NGO 
                       3. Finance
                       4. Hospital
                       5. Region Head



The organizations can log in through their credentials and manage all forms of transactions taking place within the organization. The Supervisor can view Create and View profiles as well as see all the roles and what they all are up to. Similarly, the Manager can graphically view all the statistics of events taking place in the organization. The donor can make donations to the Helping Hands club. The region head too can view statistical information.

Organizations: 1. Transport
                           2. Supervisor
                           3. Manager
                           4. Donor
                           5. Region Head
                           6. Volunteer
                           7. Help seeker 
                           8. Doctor
The system admin can perform all the CRUD operations on all the roles and admin.
Roles: 1. System admin
            2. Help Seeker
            3. Volunteer
            4.  Admin
            5. Doctor
            6. Donor
            7. Driver
            8. Manager
            9. Region Head
            10. Supervisor
